docs/Deployment.md, before:

# Deployment

## Deployment Process

### SSL

Before deploying for the first time, you must set up SSL and configuration for
Nginx, which we are using as a proxy server. This can be done by running the
`setup_deploy.sh` script. This runs the official
[Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) container to request SSL certificates,
sets up a cronjob to periodically revalidate them, and copies
`nginx.conf` to the correct location. Do note that the Let's
Encrypt container needs to use port 443, so if you have another process or
container using that port, you will need to kill it before running the
set up script.

### Inertia

For UBC Launch Pad, we continuously deploy off the master branch on Github
using UBC Launch Pad's [Inertia](https://github.com/ubclaunchpad/inertia).
This will pull the repo when changes are merged, rebuild the containers from
`docker-compose.yml`, and redeploy.

### Docker Compose

Our main deployment configuration is contained in
`docker-compose.yml`. We deploy an Nginx container
to serve as a proxy, as well as building and running a Rocket 2 container.
The Nginx proxy exposes ports 80 and 443, for HTTP/S, which must also be
accessible from the outside world. The Rocket 2 container exposes port 5000,
as Gunicorn is listening on this port; this should *not* be accessible to
the outside world.

Note that Docker Compose has a rather complex networking utility. In particular,
note that to access HTTP endpoints in other composed containers, you must
reference them by their service name in `docker-compose.yml`, *not* via
localhost. This is already handled in `nginx.conf`.

## Other Build Tools

### Github Actions CI

[Github Actions CI](https://github.com/features/actions) is a continuous
integration service that is used to build and test software projects hosted on
Github.  To configure Github CI, a file  `pythonpackage.yml` needs to be added
to `.github/workflows/`. This YAML file will contain the commands for
the automated tests that needs to run.

Every time a branch gets pushed into github, Github CI starts a job. A job is
where Github clones the GitHub repository into a new virtual environment to
test the code.

### Docker

[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) is a program that run software
packages called containers. Every container is isolated from each other and is
a bundle (also known as image) of their own tools, applications, libraries and
configuration files. However, containers are able to also communicate with each
other through channels, and all containers are run by a single OS kernel.
We use Docker in Rocket2 to make deployment to the server easier.

Docker is composed of 3 parts: Container, Services, and Stack.
`Dockerfile` defines the container. Inside `Dockerfile` is the environment that
would be set up. Inside the container for Rocket2, we have a copy of our app,
and all the dependencies and the virtual environment installed.

`docker-compose.yml` defines the services that allow multiple containers to run together.

Docker is different than virtual machines because it can run multiple containers
using only one kernel which makes it more lightweight.

### Code Coverage

Code coverage measures the lines that were executed by the test suite.
[CodeCov](https://docs.codecov.io/docs/about-code-coverage) is used in Rocket2.

Two common code coverages are Statement Coverage and Branch Coverage. Statement
coverage counts the number of executable lines of code that has been tested,
whereas branch coverage requires all code blocks and execution paths to
be completed tested. For example, in an `if` statement, both the `true` and
`false` outcome should be covered. If only one path is covered, then it is a
called a partial coverage.

CodeCov coverage is computed using `hits/(sum of hit + partial + miss)` where
`hit` is the statement coverage and `partial` is for partial branch coverage and
`miss` is for not tested code.

Commit message:

Clarify how we deploy
Add a few more helpful tidbits of information to make it easier for the 
next person to deploy things.

Fix #383

docs/Deployment.md, after:

# Deployment

## Deployment Process

The following should be read as more of a reference than a guide. To deploy Rocket 2, you must follow the steps as if you were building it for local use, except some tweaks in regards to where it goes and more tooling-specific details mentioned below.

### Hosting

Rocket 2 is currently hosted by an AWS EC2 t2.micro instance.

Should you wish to set up your own Rocket 2 instance for deployment, you should first be able to set up a Rocket 2 instance for testing on an local computer with `ngrok` forwarding. If you have successfully set up an instance on a remote computer, you may still want to have a look.

For those of you who don't want too much of a hassle, hosting via Heroku is also a valid option, as Heroku does continuous deployment without the need of setting up Inertia, and also has built-in SSL so you don't need to set anything up. Be wary, however, that Heroku is almost twice as expensive as an AWS EC2 t2.micro instance.

Do note that you must set the environmental variables in the provided settings page if you are to host via Heroku. For details regarding how you would input the `GITHUB_KEY`, please see [below](#inertia).

### SSL

Before deploying for the first time, you must set up SSL and configuration for
Nginx, which we are using as a proxy server. This can be done by running the
`scripts/setup_deploy.sh` script. This runs the official
[Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) container to request SSL certificates,
sets up a cronjob to periodically re-validate them, and copies
`nginx.conf` to the correct location. Do note that the Let's
Encrypt container needs to use port 443, so if you have another process or
container using that port, you will need to kill it before running the
set up script.

### Inertia

For UBC Launch Pad, we continuously deploy off the `ec2-release` branch on Github
using UBC Launch Pad's [Inertia](https://github.com/ubclaunchpad/inertia).
This will pull the repo when changes are merged, rebuild the containers from
`docker-compose.yml`, and redeploy.

When deploying with Inertia, make sure that you are using a stable version of Inertia.

Since we have changed from using `.toml` configuration files to using environmental variables for configuration, you must inject them using `inertia <some name> env set TESTING False` and the like. If you already have all your environmental variables set up in your `.env` file, you can send the entire file over with `inertia <some name> send .env`.

#### GITHUB_KEY

The `GITHUB_KEY` is merely the GPG private key used to sign Github API requests. We simply shove the entire file into a string and use it in the environmental variable. Do note that doing this on the command line is somewhat difficult because `inertia` would treat the dashes `--` in the string as flags and get confused. Another thing to watch out for is that the command line ignores the new lines in the string. The current working method of doing this is to pass in the entire string with a single quote (which means that every symbol is taken literally), then for every dash in the string, we add a forward slash `\` in front. We then replace all new lines with the literal `\n`.

Our configuration code replaces these instances of `\-` and `\n` with actual dashes and new lines.

Note that these replacements are not necessary on Heroku and you can simply copy and paste the contents of the key file directly into the box provided.

### Docker Compose

Our main deployment configuration is contained in
`docker-compose.yml`. We deploy an Nginx container
to serve as a proxy, as well as building and running a Rocket 2 container.
The Nginx proxy exposes ports 80 and 443, for HTTP/S, which must also be
accessible from the outside world. The Rocket 2 container exposes port 5000,
as Gunicorn is listening on this port; this should *not* be accessible to
the outside world.

Note that Docker Compose has a rather complex networking utility. In particular,
note that to access HTTP endpoints in other composed containers, you must
reference them by their service name in `docker-compose.yml`, *not* via
localhost. This is already handled in `nginx.conf`.

## Other Build Tools

### Github Actions CI

[Github Actions CI](https://github.com/features/actions) is a continuous
integration service that is used to build and test software projects hosted on
Github.  To configure Github CI, a file  `pythonpackage.yml` needs to be added
to `.github/workflows/`. This YAML file will contain the commands for
the automated tests that needs to run.

Every time a branch gets pushed into github, Github CI starts a job. A job is
where Github clones the GitHub repository into a new virtual environment to
test the code.

### Docker

[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) is a program that run software
packages called containers. Every container is isolated from each other and is
a bundle (also known as image) of their own tools, applications, libraries and
configuration files. However, containers are able to also communicate with each
other through channels, and all containers are run by a single OS kernel.
We use Docker in Rocket2 to make deployment to the server easier.

Docker is composed of 3 parts: Container, Services, and Stack.
`Dockerfile` defines the container. Inside `Dockerfile` is the environment that
would be set up. Inside the container for Rocket2, we have a copy of our app,
and all the dependencies and the virtual environment installed.

`docker-compose.yml` defines the services that allow multiple containers to run together.

Docker is different than virtual machines because it can run multiple containers
using only one kernel which makes it more lightweight.

### Code Coverage

Code coverage measures the lines that were executed by the test suite.
[CodeCov](https://docs.codecov.io/docs/about-code-coverage) is used in Rocket 2.

Two common code coverages are Statement Coverage and Branch Coverage. Statement
coverage counts the number of executable lines of code that has been tested,
whereas branch coverage requires all code blocks and execution paths to
be completed tested. For example, in an `if` statement, both the `true` and
`false` outcome should be covered. If only one path is covered, then it is a
called a partial coverage.

CodeCov coverage is computed using `hits/(sum of hit + partial + miss)` where
`hit` is the statement coverage and `partial` is for partial branch coverage and
`miss` is for not tested code.
