docs/Scripts.md, before:

# Scripts for Development

There are a few scripts in the `scripts/` directory that aid in the development
of this project.

## build\_check.sh

```sh
scripts/build_check.sh
```

This is just the list of commands run to check the code for violations of Python
style. It also runs the tests, and is the script that is run in our Travis CI.
Make sure to run before submitting a pull request!

This script also checks to see if the user is running DynamoDB locally, and if
so, would include tests for it; if not, the tests that use DynamoDB will be
deselected.

See [git hooks](#makefile-for-git-hooks).

## update.sh

```sh
scripts/update.sh
```

This should be run whenever any change to `Pipfile` or `Pipfile.lock` occurs on
your local copy of a branch. It updates any changed dependencies into your
virtual environment. This is equivalent to the user running:

```sh
pipenv sync --dev
```

Which, coincidentally, require the same number of characters to be typed. The
script should ideally be run after any instance of `git pull`.

See [git hooks](#makefile-for-git-hooks).

## download\_dynamodb\_and\_run.sh

```sh
scripts/download_dynamodb_and_run.sh
```

This script downloads a copy of the latest local version of DynamoDB and forks
the process. It also sets up the environment in which you should run it in using
`scripts/setup_localaws.sh`.

Please do not use this script; it is meant to be run by Travis CI. Unless you
enjoy having to download and run multiple DynamoDB processes.

## setup\_localaws.sh

```sh
scripts/setup_localaws.sh
```

This script automatically sets up your environment to better benefit a local
instance of DynamoDB. Only should be run once by users (though running it
multiple times would not hurt too too much). It requires `aws` to be installed
through `pipenv`.

## docker\_build.sh

```sh
scripts/docker_build.sh
```

This script builds a docker image `rocket2-dev-img`, according to the
`Dockerfile`. Equivalent to:

```sh
docker build -t rocket2-dev-img .
```

Make sure you have docker installed on your system beforehand.

## docker\_run\_local.sh

```sh
scripts/docker_run_local.sh
```

This script runs a local docker image on your system, port 5000. Equivalent to:

```sh
docker run --rm -it -p 0.0.0.0:5000:5000 rocket2-dev-img
```

Make sure you have already built a `rocket2-dev-img`, or have run
`scripts/docker_build.sh` before-hand. `docker` must also be installed.

## Makefile for Git Hooks

```sh
cd scripts
make
```

This script simply installs the pre-commit hooks and post-merge hooks.
`build_check.sh` is copied to `.git/hooks/pre-commit`, and `update.sh` is copied
to `.git/hooks/post-merge`.

After installation, every time you try to make a commit, all the tests will be
run automatically to ensure compliance. Every time you perform a `pull` or
`merge` or `rebase`, `pipenv` will try to sync all packages and dependencies.

## Makefile for Documentation

```sh
make clean html
```

This script builds all documentation and places the html into `_build/`
directory. Should mostly be used to test your documentation locally. Should be
run within a `pipenv shell` environment.

We use Python `sphinx` to generate documentation from reStructuredText and
Markdown files in this project. To configure (and change versions for the
documentation), edit `conf.py`. `docs/index.rst` is the index for all documentation.

Commit message:

Add more things for docs and creds script

docs/Scripts.md, after:

# Scripts for Development

There are a few scripts in the `scripts/` directory that aid in the development
of this project.

## build\_check.sh

```sh
scripts/build_check.sh
```

This is just the list of commands run to check the code for violations of Python
style. It also runs the tests, and is the script that is run in our Travis CI.
Make sure to run before submitting a pull request!

This script also checks to see if the user is running DynamoDB locally, and if
so, would include tests for it; if not, the tests that use DynamoDB will be
deselected.

See [git hooks](#makefile-for-git-hooks).

## update.sh

```sh
scripts/update.sh
```

This should be run whenever any change to `Pipfile` or `Pipfile.lock` occurs on
your local copy of a branch. It updates any changed dependencies into your
virtual environment. This is equivalent to the user running:

```sh
pipenv sync --dev
```

Which, coincidentally, require the same number of characters to be typed. The
script should ideally be run after any instance of `git pull`.

See [git hooks](#makefile-for-git-hooks).

## download\_dynamodb\_and\_run.sh

```sh
scripts/download_dynamodb_and_run.sh
```

This script downloads a copy of the latest local version of DynamoDB and forks
the process. It also sets up the environment in which you should run it in using
`scripts/setup_localaws.sh`.

Please do not use this script; it is meant to be run by Travis CI. Unless you
enjoy having to download and run multiple DynamoDB processes.

## setup\_localaws.sh

```sh
scripts/setup_localaws.sh
```

This script automatically sets up your environment to better benefit a local
instance of DynamoDB. Only should be run once by users (though running it
multiple times would not hurt too too much). It requires `aws` to be installed
through `pipenv`.

## setup\_credentials.sh

```sh
scripts/setup_credentials.sh
```

This script automatically sets up all credentials in the `credentials/` folder.
Files that are set up include:

- aws.toml
- github.toml
- slack.toml
- signing\_key

Note that none of the files will automatically set up the actual ids, keys, or
signing keys; you have to set them up yourself.

If there is nothing missing, this script won't do anything and will output:

```
We found no problems with your credentials.
No missing fields or files.
```

## docker\_build.sh

```sh
scripts/docker_build.sh
```

This script builds a docker image `rocket2-dev-img`, according to the
`Dockerfile`. Equivalent to:

```sh
docker build -t rocket2-dev-img .
```

Make sure you have docker installed on your system beforehand.

## docker\_run\_local.sh

```sh
scripts/docker_run_local.sh
```

This script runs a local docker image on your system, port 5000. Equivalent to:

```sh
docker run --rm -it -p 0.0.0.0:5000:5000 rocket2-dev-img
```

Make sure you have already built a `rocket2-dev-img`, or have run
`scripts/docker_build.sh` before-hand. `docker` must also be installed.

## Makefile for Git Hooks

```sh
cd scripts
make
```

This script simply installs the pre-commit hooks and post-merge hooks.
`build_check.sh` is copied to `.git/hooks/pre-commit`, and `update.sh` is copied
to `.git/hooks/post-merge`.

After installation, every time you try to make a commit, all the tests will be
run automatically to ensure compliance. Every time you perform a `pull` or
`merge` or `rebase`, `pipenv` will try to sync all packages and dependencies.

## Makefile for Documentation

```sh
make clean html
```

This script builds all documentation and places the html into `_build/`
directory. Should mostly be used to test your documentation locally. Should be
run within a `pipenv shell` environment.

We use Python `sphinx` to generate documentation from reStructuredText and
Markdown files in this project. To configure (and change versions for the
documentation), edit `conf.py`. `docs/index.rst` is the index for all documentation.
